writen initially by locust in 3/17/2023. Locust got some other aliases. Or not. Whatever. 
"Locust, without any other aliases" is the alias. Alias for what? Secret :>

Anyway, let us begin.

WHAT IS THIS TEXT?
    This is a commentary on the state of the code. This is basically
    a companion to my handwritten notes i (should) take about what 
    I'm doing to keep shit tiddy and organized. Or something like 
    that. It also serves as a good training for my english, which needs
    some brushing up, though I try to only write documentation in english as to
    keep a somewhat consisten standard. Don't count on this, though...

STATEOFTHECODE - 17/03/2023

    datechecker is done and working. still trying to do 
    something about idpack. Missing most features, though.
    Might kill myself. We'll see about that.

    Idpack - inprogress
        Testers - NOTDONE
        Class init - Completely fucked up & NOTDONE!
        Checkers - NOTDONE!
            idtesting: the firewall against fuckups. 
                Major fuckups from the user are expected. Not something we 
                can fret about. Major fuckups from the coder, though.
                That's something quite fretable, if I dare create this word.
                Random 
    Main - Not even started
        csvhandling sould be done here, 
        since most of the stuff will be custom
        anyway.
    Datechecker - Done!
        Might need to do some bughunting, though.
    funny - is funny.

    recommended by rkaze:
        install vampiro extension.

STATEOFTHECODE 18/03/2023
    Went ahead and finished the idtesting from idpack. failcodes are 
    also present there. Thing is, you present him a Random generated
    id and its fucked up, he busts your ass and, along with the failcode
    he butchers your variable, which is mildly interesting, i'd say. 


    and i do.

STATEOFTHECODE 4/4/23
    Had to leave for some time. Did some minor stuff to idpack on the side,
    but today I'm actually giving the pestsmasher treatment to this code. Meaning
    bugfix, because my Lord knows this shit ass code was buggy as all hell is.
    Triple funny, even.
    
    I WAS FUCKING USING CHAR(something) WHEN I WANTED TO FUCKING WRITE STR.
    This, my friend, Is how to feel dumb in a single simple step.
    Now it somewhat works, but it is fucking up the id before passing
    it back to the object, which ain't good. Might fix that tomorrow.

STATEOFTHECODE 28/04/23
    Good news: I'm using this badboy of a project for a university subject!
    Quite fun. Also, i fixed a shitty bug inside datechecker. Now, getdate()
    should work no problem.
    Bad news: there's a shit ton of stuff in the todolist inside idpack. Contract
    will be a very big giant and i still need to write the manager itself.
    AAAAND imma gonna learn how to do a cli interface so the project ain't
    actually a bunch of loose packages without use or cohesion. This should
    work much better. Shame on me, though. Now I get double work. For no 
    fucking reason whatsoever. 
    Neutral news: got the chance to use unbeknownst in the middle of a
    comment. Felt quite neat doing that.

STATEOFTHECODE 16/05/23
    I still live, i guess. Anyway, time for a sitrep:
        * Good stuff! This will be project 4 for OO. New members 
        might join, so stay tuned for that. 
        * Writing an ATM machine. Will need some new handlers,
        but idpack will certainly be useful for the id part. 
        Might let the users use whatever id, though. 

STATEOFTHECODE 23/05/23
    Cli will be a very big fucking gross horrible pain in the butt to
    code, whatsoever. 


boot
root
srv 





    

